server/README.md, before:

# XSN Block Explorer - Server

## Run
1. We need the xsn rpc server running, download the latest one from [xsn releases](https://github.com/X9Developers/XSN/releases), then, start the rpc server with: `bin/xsnd -txindex -rpcport=51473 -rpcuser=dummy -rpcpassword=replaceme`

2. Edit the [application.conf](server/conf/application.conf).

* In case you modified the parameters to start the xsn rpc server, update the credentials.

* Set the credentials to access a postgres database.

3. Run the application with: `sbt run`

## Bitcoin
If you want to run the explorer for Bitcoin, checkout the `bitcoin` branch and then, apply manually the following SQL commands:
```sql
ALTER TABLE transaction_inputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_inputs_txid_fk;
ALTER TABLE transaction_inputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_inputs_from_fk;

ALTER TABLE transaction_outputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_outputs_txid_fk;
ALTER TABLE transaction_outputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_outputs_spent_on_fk;

ALTER TABLE address_transaction_details DROP CONSTRAINT address_transaction_details_txid_fk;
```

## Test
Run the `sbt test` command to execute the tests.

In case of failed tests, verify that:
- The docker remote API is enabled (this command must succeed `curl localhost:4243/containers/json` on linux).
- Try running `DOCKER_HOST=localhost:4243 sbt test` instead.

Commit message:

server: Add to README a troubleshooting for xsnd

server/README.md, after:

# XSN Block Explorer - Server

## Run
1. We need the xsn rpc server running, download the latest one from [xsn releases](https://github.com/X9Developers/XSN/releases), then, start the rpc server with: `bin/xsnd -txindex -rpcport=51473 -rpcuser=dummy -rpcpassword=replaceme`

2. Edit the [application.conf](server/conf/application.conf).

* In case you modified the parameters to start the xsn rpc server, update the credentials.

* Set the credentials to access a postgres database.

3. Run the application with: `sbt run`

## Troubleshooting

1. If you get the following error while running the explorer: `error: Could not locate RPC credentials.`, then, create a file at `~/.xsncore/xsn.conf` with this content:
    ```
    rpcuser=dummy
    rpcpassword=replaceme
    rpcport=51473
    txindex=1
    ```
    Now, xsnd can be started without arguments, for example, `./bin/xsnd`.

2. If the xsnd node is not getting any blocks/peers, try disabling IPv6, and remove the peers file (`~/.xsncore/peers.dat`), restarting xsnd should get peers now.

3. If connection problems persist, try increasing the open files limit in your operating system.

## Bitcoin
If you want to run the explorer for Bitcoin, checkout the `bitcoin` branch and then, apply manually the following SQL commands:
```sql
ALTER TABLE transaction_inputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_inputs_txid_fk;
ALTER TABLE transaction_inputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_inputs_from_fk;

ALTER TABLE transaction_outputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_outputs_txid_fk;
ALTER TABLE transaction_outputs DROP CONSTRAINT transaction_outputs_spent_on_fk;

ALTER TABLE address_transaction_details DROP CONSTRAINT address_transaction_details_txid_fk;
```

## Test
Run the `sbt test` command to execute the tests.

In case of failed tests, verify that:
- The docker remote API is enabled (this command must succeed `curl localhost:4243/containers/json` on linux).
- Try running `DOCKER_HOST=localhost:4243 sbt test` instead.
